Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[solemn music]
["Berlin Chair" by You Am I plays]
♪ If half of what I'm saying ♪
♪ Of what I'm saying is true ♪
♪ Will you rub my head
Make it all shiny and new? ♪
♪ And you drag my coat tails
Drag my coat tails down ♪
♪ And I'll be the only
Cold assed king around ♪
♪ If you wait
I'll give all my aches to you ♪
♪ Take the chance
To ignore what you're going through? ♪
♪ My cold hand is there for you to take ♪
♪ If you leave can I fall down ♪
♪ I'm your Berlin chair
Won't you lean on me 'til I break… ♪
[sirens wail]
[sighs]
A bird shitting on you
is good luck. yeah?
Sorry what?
A bird shitting on you.
it's good luck. yeah?
Oh. I wouldn't know.
Do you have any change?
I gave all my coins to a basket before.
Well. you know what you could do?
Go back and get 'em.
[laughs]
Oh. hey can you mind this.
I'll be like 30 seconds.
Alright.
[machine beeps]
[sighs]
What are you writing?
Suicide note.
It's actually more of a thank you.
Oh.
Did you win something?
No.
[rock music on headphones]
What are you rocking out to?
Mozart.
Oh yeah?
Which song? Rock out with your cock out?
It's Spiderbait.
Look at this.
You can have it.
It's clean.
Thank you.
Hey. what are you doing later?
Supposed to be doing an assignment.
I'm having people over. I was just
wondering if you wanted to maybe--
I don't even know your name.
I'm Chris.
Emi.
So you'll come?
I've got that assignment.
[rock music]
[music stops]
Can you speed up your death by darts?
You're looking for Frankie's?
No. a guy called Chris' place.
They must be flatmates.
I'm so underdressed.
Well we're way overdressed.
Can we go in and find out?
[door buzzer sounds]
[music in distance]
[jazz music]
This is it?
So which one's Frankie?
I can't see him.
Well. you're sure it's
the right place then?
I'll find out.
-Is this…
-Yes. this is the right place.
What can I get you?
I'll have a champagne and a red.
Oh. a champagne and a red.
I will see you in my bed.
[laughs]
I always…
So where is he?
Is your mate here?
Hey. let me guess.
you are a smoker.
Only when I'm trying
to impress someone.
It's a filthy habit.
I'm Blucker anyway.
-Blucker?
-Ah. Tim Bluck.
But everyone calls me Blucker.
Emi. nice to meet you Blucker.
You wanna grab a drink?
No. I'm alright. thanks.
How about a sneaky ciggy then.
Did he say when he'd be back?
He forgot something and wouldn't be long.
How long since you've
actually spoken to Frankie?
Ages.
Well. how'd he know you were back?
I've got no idea.
Well. I say we drink things and go.
We're here now.
you might as well meet him.
I might as well take advantage
of the free booze.
-I believe you had the--
-Too slow mate.
You must really need it.
Just stirrin'.
-Cheers.
So where are you from?
Dublin. but I'm just after moving
to Liverpool.
You will never walk alone.
What?
Liverpool Football Club.
Oh.
I'm Mike.
-Shane.
-Dot.
I'm still trying to work
out who you two are.
James Bond and one of his floozies.
Excuse me!
Well. I'm obviously dressed
as Sherlock Holmes.
Dear Watson.
No way! Is this fancy dress?
Oh. you've got to be shitting me.
and we're all done up.
I'm taking these off then
'cause they're killing me.
Well. no one else is in dress up.
The man in the wheelchair.
Nup. That poor bastard is paralysed.
-Oh. fuck.
-I had to help carry him up the stairs.
[giggles]
Sorry.
So you're a pom. Mike?
No. I'm not a pom.
I'm a Melbournian.
Been in the UK the past 10 years. though.
And what brings you back?
I visit my parents. they hadn't met Dot.
Mm. Cute.
So were the flights. like. expensive?
I don't know. Normal.
It's just I've got a friend coming over
next month for the Olympics
and his flights were ridiculous.
Where are the Olympics?
They're in Sydney next month.
I'm going up.
Oh. me mum and I loved watching them.
Did you know I wanted to be a gymnast?
Oh. bloody hell.
Oh.
Great. you just flashed everyone.
Oh why does my vagina
scare you so much. Mike?
So anyway. I've got tickets
for Cathy's race.
It's going to be great.
The Olympics is just a pissing contest
between Russia. China and the States.
It's a bit of fun.
I'd rather be at the bottom
of the Olympic medal tally
and on top of the world
for education. health care.
Cheer up mate.
you've been in Pommy land too long.
[Dot laughs]
Exactly. this one's got the right idea.
I need a drink.
It's nice to meet you both.
Now tell me the truth.
You're just trying to impress. aren't you?
-You wish.
-[groans]
Do you know most of the people here?
No.
Just Jughead and Claire.
We all went to school together.
Well. me Chris and Jughead.
Claire went to the girls' school.
I don't talk to anyone from school.
Doesn't seem like that long ago for you.
It's cool you're still friends with them.
Yeah. I haven't seen Chris
since we graduated to be honest.
Would have thought there'd be…
more people here actually?
Better go say g'day.
[distant hip hop music]
[hip hop music]
Are they wearing a hat?
Yes.
Does yours have facial hair?
No.
[man] Ah. shit!
Why is Tim Bluck here?
That is weird.
He's coming over.
J-J-J-Jughead.
Oh. Claire Perkins.
Wow. it's been a while.
It's Claire McCormick now. Blucker.
Oh. you bastard. Jughead.
How on earth did you score her?
[Claire] Good question.
I think we've grown out of
high school nicknames now. Tim.
Oh. but you'll never grow out
of that Jughead Jones scone of yours.
[chuckles]
Sorry…um…
So what's been happening
since high school. Justin?
Nothing much. Working.
Nothing too exciting.
Boring.
How about you then? What's news?
You could walk last time I saw you.
Oh. your balls have finally dropped. eh?
Some things have changed.
Are you working. Blucker?
Yeah. I'm a roof tiler.
What. you think that's funny.
I'm in a wheelchair. Claire.
What happened?
If you don't mind me asking.
I had a crash a few years back.
So you're still friends with Chris then?
Yeah. I suppose so. yeah.
I haven't seen him for ages.
No. he's hard to get a hold of.
[Blucker] Yeah.
So…do you know if anyone else
from school is coming?
No idea.
Well. you're still a barrel of laughs
then. Jughead.
It's good to see you Claire.
let's have a chat and reminisce later.
[hip hop music continues]
[exhales softly]
Are you Maria?
Yes.
Cheers.
-What can I get you. darl?
-Just water.
Our son consumed rum…
but our daughter drunk water.
Enjoy.
It's free.
-Yeah. it is.
-Choice.
I never introduced myself earlier.
I'm Dot.
-Emi.
-Wait one second.
Open bar. yeah?
Indeed it is. What can I get you?
Dark. clear. wine. or beer?
I'll have the booziest thing you can make.
That sounds like a challenge.
I know no one here.
you mind if I cling on to you for a bit?
Don't even know the guy
who invited me.
Perfect. What are you drinking?
-Just water.
-What real drink?
Loners like us don't drink water.
we stay loners.
Jesus!
It's a Molotov cocktail the IRA
would be proud of!
-Mm-hm
-You're having one of these?
-No. it's fine.
-Another one. thanks
-[barman] Done.
-No. no.
So let me guess…
you're a makeup artist?
Tattooist?
Not even close.
I study commerce.
Well. you're the most badass
businesswoman I've ever seen.
Thank you…I think.
But what else do you do with yourself?
'Cause a girl in that outfit and lippy
isn't into just business studies.
I like illustration and music.
Those two things mainly.
-You draw?
-Mm.
I bet you're a dab hand.
I love music and art but I'm tone deaf
and blunt pencilled.
What do you do?
Well. I was. or technically. I'm a model.
but there's not much demand
for 35 year old slappers.
You're 35?
I hope I look like you when I'm 25.
Well. how old are you?
19.
Jesus! I could literally be your mother.
Barely even remember being your age.
I'm not even kidding.
I was a bit of a druggy mess back then.
Now I'm just a pissy mess.
Well I'm nearly 20 now. Mum.
Bitch.
I should get back to Mike.
come join us if you like.
I was just about to leave.
Oh. no. you're not.
I'm not going to be the only one here
who doesn't know anyone.
Plus. you haven't even started your drink.
Do you know where the bathroom is?
Come find me after.
OK.
[soft chilled beats]
[beats fade]
[solemn music]
[solemn music continues]
[woman] Do you mind?
Sorry. I didn't think anyone was in there.
Well. I'm done so you can come in.
We're all adults.
[toilet flushes]
[door creaks]
So…
I don't know you.
No. I'm Emi.
Christal.
[snorts]
So how do you know Chris?
I don't really. we just met.
He's here?
No. sorry. I meant. earlier today.
[sighs]
You can have that.
I'm fine. thanks.
I won't tell your mum.
What's your connection to him?
Ask him that.
[sighs]
[soft relaxed music]
Is it wrong I wanna hit a crippled man?
Yes.
You just never normally associate
a paralysed person with being a jerk-off.
[Dot] What about this one?
Na.
This is bollocks! Where is this bloke?
I don't know.
His tunes are depressing.
You got that right?
You mind if I put something else on?
Go for it.
[barman] Pardon the interruption
party people.
would anyone care for a nibble?
[man] Oh. yes. please. Thank you.
Thanks.
-Ma'am?
-Is there anything else coming?
Ah. yes! I have some seafood
and a few beef kebabs on the way.
Ah. she meant anything
that wasn't once a sentient being.
-[chuckles]
-Come again?
Ah. anything that isn't meat.
Oh! Let me go have a butcher's--
I mean. a look.
Oh. sorry. won't be a sec.
[Dot] How long you been a vegetarian?
Since I started feeling really guilty.
Around eight.
Hm…
It's a big decision for a kid to make.
I was vego once for a year.
but I was so iron deficient.
I was like a walking cadaver.
[laughs]
Yeah. So. um…
So. what's your connection to Chris?
[Dot] We don't have one.
We know Frankie. Well. Mike does.
Who's Frankie?
One of the fellas who lives here.
We work together in the UK.
Oh. nice!
What do you do with yourself. Mike?
I was a graphic designer back then.
Now he's a DJ.
[laughs]
You…
Oh. you're serious.
Sorry. you said that as he put the CD on.
I thought you were joking.
But. a DJ…nice.
What's the deal with Chris
and your friend Frankie then?
This place has only one bedroom.
Oh. is he queer?
How would I know?
No.
Excuse her.
Claire has this thing that Chris is gay.
He's not.
I just didn't get turned down a lot
in high school.
Of course not.
How do you know they both live here?
Well. she doesn't.
And I'm pretty sure. that is his ex
or possibly his current girlfriend.
[hip hop music]
I'm really not very good.
Don't be silly.
You'll be fine.
Right-o. Ready?
[table tennis ball bounces]
So. you're one of Chris's schoolmates?
No. more recently than that.
-What about you?
-I'm his boss.
What do you do?
He hasn't even told you where he works?
He must really hate it.
Well. we've really only just met. so…
It's OK.
I run an advertising agency
and Chris is one of the copywriters.
-Got a way with words.
-Cool.
His dad and I were business partners.
So. there's always gonna be
a job there for young Chris.
What do you do?
I work at my dad's law firm and
I studied commerce at Melbourne Uni.
Mm…Who's your dad?
Robert Mustafi.
Bullshit.
Short. curly brown hair fella?
-Mm.
-[laughs] I know him.
-He's an old Xaverian?
-Yeah. I think so.
Yeah.
Chris's dad. Luke.
he was an old Xav's boy.
Ask your dad if he knew him.
He's not around anymore?
Nah. he died ages ago.
Chris was about ten.
Poor kid. Lost his brother as well.
That's horrible.
See that poster?
That's Chris's dad's work.
Makes me feel better about smoking.
[scoffs]
Poor bastard died of lung cancer.
if you can believe it.
[upbeat funky music]
[pinball pings]
You're Chris's partner. yeah?
I'm an old school friend.
Claire.
Do you know where Chris is?
Whoo-hoo!
Is this where the party's at. ladies?
Yeah. it's going off.
I'm Dot.
Christal.
So. where's your man and his mate?
She won't say.
He's not my man.
OK. I'm confused. What's the go
with these two fellas then?
What fellas?
-Frankie and the other one.
-Chris.
Yeah.
Are they an item?
I suppose you could say that.
I knew it.
I bet this is a coming out party.
I've never understood the fuss.
So. some guys like cock…
Chillout. He's not gay. I should know.
[Dot] Which one?
Chris…Frankie…
it's the same person.
Hold the fucking phone.
Yeah. I heard about it from a friend
in the UK ages ago.
She said she hung in the same circles
as Chris. but he went by Frankie.
She has photos so it was definitely him.
Reckons he was into
all kinds of stuff over there.
Did you ever ask him about it?
Said it wasn't him and he didn't know her.
I could tell he was talking shit. though.
Well. that's just weird.
Your partner's going to be in
for a shock when Chris gets here.
Yeah. here he is over there
waiting for old mate Frankie.
Then wham!
In walks Chris to wreck his head.
[Claire laughs]
I'm going outside.
See. when I thought millennium bug.
I thought like. like a bug.
not like a virus.
[upbeat funky music]
Do you like table tennis?
I'll play if you can get them off.
Mm-hm.
Especially with this Internet.
You know. there's businesses
popping up everywhere on it.
Do they teach you much
about that through your course?
Sorry to interrupt.
Do you mind if my friend and I play next?
Doesn't he know table tennis
is part of the Olympics?
-Uh…
-Yeah. we're finished.
-Cool. thank you.
-I'll play the winner. though. OK?
You're on. big boy.
Ah. I do apologize.
All the food has meat in it.
They just give it to me to heat up
so you guys can eat up.
That's fine. I'm used to it.
OK.
I'll leave you in peace.
Enjoy.
Mm…
-You're vegetarian?
-Mm-hm?
You?
Vegan.
Well. don't I feel like
a carnivorous cunt.
-You any good?
-Reasonable.
-You?
-Not bad.
Had a table growing up.
Hey. hold up.
Right.
You up?
Cheers.
Ah. Emi. This is Christal and Claire.
We've met.
-Nice to meet you.
-Hi.
And it's Shane. isn't it?
Yes. it is.
He's come dressed as Sherlock Holmes.
in case you're wondering.
I was actually.
Yes. stuffed if I know
what's going on there.
Are you sure you weren't told to dress up?
So. Dot used to be a vegetarian.
but became really iron deficient.
Just take a replacement tablet
if that's all you're worried about.
I should. I was like a zombie. though.
I collapsed on a Milan runway.
It was fucked.
If you sort that out.
you'll have so much more energy.
Whether you love animals or not.
humans aren't supposed to eat meat.
What a load of rubbish.
-Excuse me.
-We're not supposed to eat meat?
What kind of hippie BS is that?
The kind science backs up.
Oh. how so?
Our flat teeth we chew with. for one.
Animals that eat meat generally tear it
from a carcass and swallow.
-They don't chew.
-We've evolved.
Humans have realised it's easier
to get energy from a small portion of meat
than it is to graze on grass all day.
That's totally wrong.
There's any number of beans and legumes
with nearly the same amount of protein
as there is in meat. so try again.
You vegos just pick and choose
who you're gonna stick up for.
It's only the fashionable animals.
You both make good points.
Let's just leave it.
Yeah. you're right.
I'm not arguing with you anymore
'cause your opinion carries no weight.
You don't eat meat. but you'll pump
god knows what shit into your veins.
Ugh…
What the fuck. Sherlock!
Grab your magnifying glass and get a clue.
You fucking idiot.
[rock music plays on stereo]
[distant voices and laughter]
Yes!
Take it seriously. right?
8-8.
-Replay point.
-No way. they're your skewers.
-It's clear interference.
-Nah. 9-8.
[laughs] Psycho.
[woman in background] Oh my God!
Come on. then.
[Shane laughs and hoots]
Vroom. vroom. vroom…
Ah!
Oh! Hahaha! Here he is!
Ah.
-And that's the game.
[laughs]
[Shane] How are you mate?
Ah. Hi.
Um. just went and got some gin. right?
Good to see you. mate.
Do you want a beer?
Yes. please. Thanks.
[Shane] Oh. it's about bloody time.
So. I thought there'd be a few
more from the office here tonight.
Yeah. I didn't think they'd be interested.
So. why am I the only silly bastard
that thought it was fancy dress?
I found before me
the world's most gullible man.
Ah. Give it here.
You're worse than your old man.
Did I ever tell you about the time
he shaved my eyebrows off?
-No.
-Yeah.
It was the night before
our first big meeting
and I ended up getting wasted.
so your dad shaves my eyebrows off
and then he gets a marker
and he drew 'em up high.
Next morning. 'cause we were still
living in the house together.
the next morning he's like.
"Come on we got to go."
and I didn't even know.
and I walked into this boardroom meeting
and I had the whole eyebrows up like that.
We got the job.
So I can afford to look like a dill
in front of a few strangers.
You OK. huh?
Yeah. Yeah. I'm good.
Have you introduced yourself
to anyone yet?
Most of 'em.
Yeah.
I met Christal.
What'd you do?
Nothing. we're really good mates.
What did you do. Shane?
-Who's that guy?
-Well. that's Justin.
-Justin.
-What'd you do?
The game's afoot. young Watson.
Show him how to play.
[rock music plays on stereo]
Oh. you made it.
Well. you made it. finally.
Yeah.
G'day.
I nearly left. you know.
Oh. I'm glad you didn't.
Do you want to…uh…have a seat?
Yeah. Yeah.
-What time did you get here?
-Probably an hour ago.
I'm sorry.
Oh!
Looks good.
[sighs] So. apparently. our dads
would have known each other.
-Really?
-Mm. or so your boss thinks.
Oh. Shane.
Yeah. what's he like?
He's been good to me.
How do you and Christal know each other?
Um…she's an old friend.
Why?
No reason.
[rock music plays on stereo]
Um. have you met Claire and Justin yet?
I've met Claire. but not Justin.
Tim Bluck.
Are you OK?
Yeah.
Yeah. I am.
Sorry. I wanna hang out. I just want to
get around and see everyone first.
-Yeah.
-Is that OK?
That's fine.
Blucker.
Gosh!
Long time. no see. mate.
You're not wrong.
Ah. I heard about the accident.
-You look well.
-I'm alive.
Yeah. that's the main thing. isn't it?
Gosh. haven't seen you since school.
Yeah. I thought the invite
was a bit random.
Yeah.
I just wanted to see what you're up to.
Which of the boys
you still keep in contact with.
Nah. not heaps.
And since I fucked my back
and stopped playing footy.
can't say I've kept in touch
with any of them.
Yeah.
Gosh!
We all thought you were gonna play
for Collingwood back in the day.
-I would have.
-Yeah.
Woulda. coulda. shoulda.
Anyway. that sucks.
I'm gonna make the next Olympics. though.
Only just missed out this time.
Hm. You mean Paralympics?
-Hm. yeah.
-Yeah. Which event?
Maybe 800.
Ah. probably need to lay off the piss
and the smokes then. eh?
[laughs]
Gosh. you really had it all
back in the day. I tell you what.
You…you were the fastest.
All the chicks loved you. you were funny.
You were so funny.
You had something to say to everything.
Yeah.
Well. you've really got it made now.
haven't you?
Oh. yeah. no.
Most of it's inheritance.
Good to see you.
[train horn sounds in distance]
No sign of Frankie then?
Yeah. we might as well go.
-No way!
-We've waited this long.
[Claire] Oh. he's finally here.
It's been way too long.
Yeah. because you keep snubbing
all our invitations.
-Hello. Justin.
-Hey mate.
-Who's winning?
-[Shane] Got him on toast.
[Justin] What rubbish! 5-4. my serve.
Emi. how about Liquid Television?
That random one
with all those short cartoons?
Yeah. it's on SBS here really late.
I'm…uh…
toilet.
OK. Get us a couple of these
on your way back.
He'll know the ones.
Some of them are crazy.
I love Genie Junkie.
Hey. I don't know what's going on.
but you know how we're here
to see Frankie. right?
Yeah.
Do you know Chris is Frankie?
What?
I'd forgotten there was
supposed to be someone else.
Yeah. I was expecting Mike
to shit bricks when Chris arrived.
It was like he didn't even notice.
I don't know what's going on.
So. he hasn't realised?
So it's Chris. is it?
[soft piano music plays]
No.
Oh. God!
No. no. no. no.
No. no. Stop.
Two years. nothing.
And then you invite me here to burn me?
I'm sorry.
What the fuck is this?
I just wanted…
I wanted to see you.
To see…
I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have invited you.
I see now.
It was different for us.
I was confused and you…
I'm not a faggot.
I've got a girlfriend.
Mike.
[soft piano music continues]
You need to come out.
[solemn music plays]
Chris.
-Hi.
-Hey…um…
-May I go to the bathroom?
-Someone is in there. excuse me.
[solemn music plays]
Too good? Well done.
Thanks for the game. Shane.
[Blucker] Thanks for the game. Shane.
Do you wanna head off soon?
Why. what are you going for?
Why not. I have wiped
everyone off the table.
Oh. you're just whipped. that's all.
Why are you still such a dick?
Oh. why are you still such a pussy.
I can't even stand.
and I'll still give you a hiding.
No. you wouldn't.
What are you walking off for then?
Because one of us has to.
Oh. come on then. Let's go.
I'm not gonna fight you. Tim.
Table tennis.
Me and you.
-I'm not doing that either.
-Come on. Blucker. just stop it.
You weren't saying that
the night of the Year 11 formal. Claire.
Justin. no. This isn't happening.
[Blucker] Yes. it is.
Tim. I don't want to play.
Only cause you can't beat me.
Get up there. Let's go.
Give it here. I'll serve.
[upbeat techno music plays]
[laughs] One. zero.
Come on. Let's go again.
[laughs] Two. zero.
You're serve. Come on.
Ah. yes.
Zero. three.
[laughs] Zero. four.
It was easier than you were
in high school. Clairey.
You're a real class act. Blucker.
Come on. Let's go. my serve.
Give it here.
[upbeat techno music plays]
Four. two.
My serve.
[upbeat techno music plays]
[Dot] Jesus. Mary and Joseph.
Fellas. you need to lighten up.
Bloody hell. are you alright?
-You're a dog. Jughead.
-Someone help him.
-You had to go cheap. didn't you?
-I didn't even wanna play.
Yeah. but you did.
and you still went cheap. dog.
Hey. suck it up. mate. alright?
[upbeat techno music plays]
Is this not the most fucked party
you've ever been to?
What did I miss?
I don't even know where to start.
So I met Mike.
How did he take the whole
Chris-Frankie thing?
I don't think he even realises.
[upbeat techno music plays]
What? Did he say somethin'?
It mightn't be anything.
but he definitely knows.
I've just been up to the bathroom.
and they had been talking or something.
Well. fucked if I know what's going on.
Here you go. lads.
-Thank you.
-Cheers.
What happened there?
He's just being his usual self.
Total wanker.
Fuck. he needs to grow up.
-He's talking shit about Claire.
-Mm.
Why is he here?
You hated him more than me.
Yeah. I don't know.
I guess I heard about the accident
and I just thought he might have changed.
No.
Yeah.
He's less agile. I think.
-No.
-I think we can agree to that.
Don't.
[both chuckle]
-You haven't changed much either.
-I kinda hoped I had.
In a good way.
You're the only bloke from school
I keep in contact with.
Well. you don't make it easy.
[soft music plays]
You're a true friend.
Remember the time you rolled
a billiard ball down Princes Street?
[laughs] Yes.
It started gaining pace.
and bouncing higher and higher.
Until it shot though
the Rathdowne Street intersection.
Yeah. went through head high
at about 150k's per hour.
It would have killed someone
if a car had been coming through.
I remember the look on your face.
Could not believe that.
You were more afraid than I was.
I was lucky.
[solemn music plays]
[techno music plays on stereo]
What happened to the drinks?
Oh. yeah. Sorry.
Anyway. let's get out of here.
What? What about Frankie?
I really wanted to meet him.
He's not here. He's not coming.
Really?
[techno music continues]
Oh. those things will kill you.
No. they won't.
-There's people around.
-I don't care.
I know that's him. Mike.
What are you on about?
I know you've been talking to him.
You coming or not?
Not until you tell me what's going on.
You're mental.
[pensive music]
[door opens and closes]
Bit of a crazy night. isn't it?
I can't believe I'm here.
Why?
Haven't been very social lately.
Everyone says I should go out
and meet people. so here I am.
Who's everyone?
My mum.
My doctor.
Everyone.
You. OK?
Just teenager shit.
Everything is great.
How old are you?
Almost 20.
You?
28.
Like. almost 20 years as in…
As in a couple of weeks.
[solemn music]
[solemn music continues]
[soft piano music]
Nice view.
Yeah. it's OK.
Who are you?
[solemn music]
[solemn music continues]
[moans]
Yes. yes.
He seems good. doesn't he?
Ah. shit.
Yeah. yeah. when he's good. he's good.
And just quietly. how good is this place?
Free grog and waiters.
It would be setting him back a fair bit.
but well…
[pinball buzzes]
Oh. bastard.
This is why I married you.
Amazing.
I'm shaking.
Yeah. it is bit cold. isn't it?
Because of you. you goober.
You remind me of someone.
Who?
I don't know.
We should go back inside.
Yeah.
You've already been missing in action
once tonight.
[solemn music]
Hey. swap you.
It just might look a little bit funny if
you walk into the party wearing my jacket.
It would too.
[solemn music]
What are you doing?
[solemn music intensifies]
Listen…
you should leave.
I can't…I can't tell you why.
You should…
[sighs]
[soft chatter]
Oh. Emi. come and meet Amanda.
-Sod off.
-You've still got it.
Here he is. again.
Hi.
Christopher.
[hip hop music plays on stereo]
I wondered where that went.
Looks like you're doing well for yourself.
Yeah. it would look like that.
wouldn't it?
What's that supposed to mean?
Nothing. I'm great.
Can I get you a drink. Mandy?
Well. I'm not here for your company.
-You ratbag.
-Stop it. you.
[giggles]
I'll get you a drink.
[tram bell clangs in distance]
[sirens in distance]
[rock music plays on earphones]
Where's your girlfriend?
Fuck off?
No. don't fuck off.
It's fine.
Emi…she looks young.
She's not my girlfriend. just…
So how are you?
Really good.
-Great.
-Good.
Clean?
Everything?
Almost a year.
I heard you met Shane?
He may have heard some things from me.
-Why did you tell him?
-That leads me to what I want to say.
Yes.
[solemn music]
I want to say…
[exhales]
that I don't blame you.
I said and did shitty things to you.
And…
it wasn't 'cause I was angry at you.
it was 'cause I was angry at myself.
I was angry at the situation.
I was angry.
I mean. I was a depressed Peter Pan.
and you're a junkie.
We weren't fit to be parents.
Worse people have managed.
I went back to that laundromat today.
First time.
They still have the same chairs.
You probably don't remember.
we had to leave our washing.
we left so quickly.
I went back the next day. but it was gone.
It was the eeriest thing.
I swear I could hear him crying.
[solemn music]
Tonight was very unexpected.
But it's nice to see you.
-I'm sorry.
-It's OK.
Are you gonna explain to us
why we're all here?
Yeah…I will.
Come and find me later.
[laughs]
[Claire] We the coolest people
at the club.
Is that weed?
I knew a stimulant had to be involved
if you're laughing at his jokes.
Did you come out here
just to take another swing?
Oh. don't start.
You know. I used to be jealous of you.
Still am.
Why is that?
'Cause you get to walk out of here
with a great girl who loves you.
Oh. Blucker. that's so sweet.
I mean it. Claire.
Nobody was jealous of me in high school.
I was dreadfully average.
Still am.
You were the man.
Not to you. I wasn't…or Chris.
You two were never impressed.
We were to emo kids that didn't fit in.
Or maybe you just knew
it was all bullshit.
I mean. I might have been
the most popular kid at school.
but now nobody even talks to me.
Well. I appreciate you saying that.
And I am sorry about
what happened in there.
No. I'm the one who should be apologising.
I've been a complete wanker
since the moment I got here.
and I would hate to think of
how big a prick I was to you at school.
To both of you.
You were a massive arsehole at school.
I appreciate your honesty. Claire.
I do.
Fuck. take this thing off me
before I try and moonwalk out of here.
Gentlemen and lady.
I've got some more meaty treaties
if anyone would like to partake.
Leave that with us. thank you. sir.
I should probably offer some to the…
No. no. It's fine. It's fine.
Is that Winfield green?
No. no. I'll partake later.
[Claire laughs]
[pensive music]
Is she your girlfriend?
The skinny one?
Mum…
not now. OK?
Do you remember that day?
Yes.
You let us rent a Nintendo
from the video store.
No. your brother had an asthma attack.
and we had to take him to the hospital.
I know.
I thought I'd lost him.
We eventually did.
Oh.
I miss him.
I miss you too. Chris.
[solemn music]
[weeps]
[bottle clanks]
[Dot] Sorry. Hi.
Chris…or is it Frankie?
-I'll leave you two to it.
-No. Mum. you don't have to.
No. it's OK. We'll speak later.
I'm Mike's girlfriend. Dot.
Thought I should introduce myself
seen I'm having most of your drink.
He hasn't told me nothin' about ya.
Where is he?
He's gone.
[solemn music]
[suspenseful music builds]
[reggae music plays on stereo]
[Shane] Are you OK. mate?
[chuckles]
-Oh…
-[Blucker giggles]
You're off your head.
[reggae music continues]
[groans softly]
Speech.
Yes. a speech.
So thanks. everyone. for coming.
[Shane] Six people.
Not exactly flush with friends.
Well. I hope you don't count
yourself amongst them.
You're more of an acquaintance.
[laughter]
It's a small gathering. but you've
all had an impact on my life.
So I just wanted to say
a few shout outs. if that's OK?
Firstly. my old mate Justin.
you've never let our friendship die.
You just won't bugger off. will you?
He has always kept inviting me places…
knowing full well I wouldn't come.
but he kept inviting me…
and it's nice to have someone like that.
so thank you.
You're a lucky woman. Claire.
Does this mean you're going to start
taking us up on our offers?
No.
And then there's someone like Blucker.
Blucker…
in high school you made my life
a living hell.
You were merciless to me.
When I got back to school
after dad died.
Mrs. Pierce made me sit next to you
in maths.
And one class when I was crying.
you turned to me…
Do you remember what you said?
Do you remember?
I do.
You said.
"You look like a faggot when you cry."
It's OK.
And then there's Shane.
You gave me a job.
And you imparted a lot of wisdom on me
over the years.
Most of it was about your sex life.
which I didn't care to inherit.
-Bit of an obnoxious bastard really but…
-Ooh.
You've been like a father.
And Christal…
I'm sorry.
And Mum…it's nice to see you.
Oh. darling.
[Shane] Alright. is there anything else.
or can we get some shots?
Yeah. right.
Yeah. tequila shots now.
-Alright. Shane.
-Line 'em on the bar.
[hip hop music plays on stereo]
[suspenseful music]
[solemn music]
[sighs]
["Everything Begins and Ends"
by Bluebottle Kiss plays]
Chris?
♪ And I told you
From the beginning… ♪
Chris?
♪ Knowing the time for harvesting… ♪
♪ It's the time for digging ♪
♪ So thrust in the sickle ♪
♪ Cleave out the weeds ♪
♪ Sort the weeds from the chaff boys ♪
♪ Feed the land the good seed ♪
♪ Where I can remember
the cold dawn of September ♪
♪ You riding out with them ♪
♪ An army of lepers ♪
♪ Yeah you said that everything begins
And ends at exactly the right time ♪
[guitar instrumental]
♪ You and your brothers ♪
♪ Are such hapless lovers ♪
♪ Like he saw at Jericho ♪
♪ Like he saw in David… ♪
Where's Dot?
Still over there.
Is it finishing up?
No idea.
♪ Wishbones for your backbone… ♪
Any idea on the whole point
of the whole get together?
How come you blew it off?
I guess we've drifted.
You?
'Cause he's a piece of shit.
He's had it pretty hard.
There's a tram coming.
Will you actually get this one?
[guitar instrumental]
[guitar instrumental continues]
[song fades and stops]
[upbeat acoustic guitar plays]
["Sweet Sweet Love"
by Russell Morris plays]
♪ Can't believe I'm really meeting ♪
♪ A girl like you on such a day ♪
♪ Maybe I'm maybe only dreaming ♪
♪ Unless the sun comes back to stay ♪
♪ Yeah yeah ♪
♪ I am I am I am ♪
♪ I know I am today ♪
♪ To a girl like you ♪
♪ I don't know what to say ♪
♪ Someone like me
Becomes all tongue-tied ♪
♪ Hello I love you
Doesn't seem so right ♪
♪ With a girl like you
It's love at first sight ♪
♪ Hello I love you doesn't mean to say ♪
♪ A guy like me becomes all tongue-tied ♪
♪ Sweet sweet love
It will last it will last ♪
♪ Na na na na na na na na ♪
♪ Sweet sweet love
It will last it will last ♪
♪ Na na na na na na na na ♪
♪ I'm a guy in love I never met before ♪
♪ And a girl like you
I'll never meet again ♪
♪ Do you want me half as much inside ♪
♪ As I want you to the day I die. ♪
[guitar strums]